---
layout: post
title: Our Q1 Shareholder Update 
author: josh
category: news
published: true
excerpt: "Highlights from our first quarter including our fundraising, company metrics, updates to our technology and new product features."
---

To our Investors, Employees, Customers and Friends of Sharewave,

With the close of Q1, here are the highlights for the quarter:

  * We raised a $1.25mm seed financing round
  * Added 101 new companies; now total 253
  * Customer acquisition cost of $2.79 per company
  * Companies added 118 new users; now total 318
  * Companies added 173 new documents; now total 194
  * We begin charging for services starting May 1st
  * Q1 expenses in line with 2014 plan
  * Q1 headcount of 6
  * We hired an additional engineer (with two more in the pipeline for Q2)

Our focus in Q1 has been to polish a number of features and the user experience, especially around documents. Our strategy is coalescing around the importance of documents in the whole process. 

That said, in Q1, we modified documents, with loads of customer feedback, to streamline preparation. Now, a company prepares a document for annotation and signature, then shares it with the signers. The signers need to just review and enter data in the required boxes. Once complete, the company approves and it’s done. The process was simplified to just 3 steps: prepare, share and approve. 

Our next step is to link fields in a document, whether new or existing, to the cap table. Once this is done, the cap table can never get out of sync with the supporting documentation. Double entry, into a document and into a cap table, will have seen its last days! This includes option grants, purchase agreements and certificates. 

We've also moved our infrastructure to Amazon’s RDS. This gives [sharewave.com](http://sharewave.com) rich database capabilities around replication, resizable capacity, high availability and built-in automated fail-over. 

You can keep up with all of our interesting developments via our [company blog](http://blog.sharewave.com) and the more technical developments on our [developer blog](http://devblog.sharewave.com).

We have spent a lot of time (and legal fees) this quarter on repapering the company and adding a Board of Managers as well. We are in the process of forming the board now. Invites to some great candidates are going out by the end of April.